IBX-6417: Describe UI/UX improvements (#264)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/website_organization/work_with_sites.md

## Create a website

> To access Site Factory, in the leftmost pane, click the **Site management* icon and then **List**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Site Factory, in the left panel, click the **Site management* icon and then **List**.
```
